---
layout: post
category: products
title: "Matched Pair JLM LA500A Opto Compressors (best for 500 series)"
image: assets/images/posts/jlm_la500a.png
permalink: jlm500a-01
---

We have two units made-to-order JLM LA500A Opto compressors with new slow attack mod. Lead time: 1-2 weeks.


From the [JLM Audio Website](https://www.jlmaudio.com/shop/la500a-opto-comp.html?display_tax_prices=0):

-----

> LA500A Opto compressor is our MAC comp in an API500 series format. It is a full 
> ground-up redesign of the LA3A/LA2A type compressor with several extra 
> features. We have kept all the audio oddities of the side chain to keep the
> compression signature and extreme compression depth but added extra ratio of 
> 5:1 to 10:1 and side chain HPF switching FLAT, 100Hz & 200Hz so the low end can 
> be fully compressed or removed from the side chain to let the low end breath 
> and make it easy to balance the compressed sound.The audio path has been fully 
> redesigned for better signal to noise and headroom while still having clarity 
> and warmth so that it is at home tracking anything or paired on stereo buss 
> duty. The LA500 is made so even at extreme settings is it hard to make the comp sound anything but fantastic.

#### Features:

- NEW Pull threshold pot for slow attack with orange led on front panel
- NEW Pull Makeup pot for stereo linking of compressors with blue led on front panel
- 3 x PCB's have all parts values directly on overlay for fast building.
- Large 34mm white LED backlight GR/VU meter.
- Hard relay bypass when comp power off or switched to LA OFF.
- Meter switchable Gain Reduction / LA OFF (meter led off) / VU by toggle switch
- Electronic balanced input to handle extreme input levels without distortion.
- Large 32mm chicken head input level control for easy setting of compression level.
- Large 32mm Makeup level pot with 0 to 20dB of gain.
- Ratio switchable 3:1, 5:1 & 10:1 by toggle switch
- Sidechain High Pass Filter switchable FLAT, 100Hz, 200Hz.
- Huge output transformer (same size as Neve LO1166).
- Internal jumper for output ground lift.
- Double-sided Gold plated rear edge connector.
- 3mm black anodized laser cut, vertical linished with white lasered on text for long-lasting zero wear finish.
- Mix buss output on pin 11 for Radial Workhorse rack

-----

These are made to order items. We do custom mods and can change out opamps, transformers and other parts. Please inquire via message first.

Price for two units ~1300EUR; matched pair. [Available from our eBay Shop](https://www.ebay.com/itm/285195714614) and by contacting us directly via E-Mail -> "contact form" on the end of this website, among most at this domin name (preferred as there's no platform fees, special taxes etc. involved). Please make sure to give us up to three weeks to prepare the order, test- and measure the hardware in question and send it to your location insured!
